DOC-734 Adds redpanda_common and redpanda inputs and outputs and redpanda config updates (#97)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/outputs/redpanda.adoc

    compression: "" # No default (optional)
    timeout: 10s
    max_message_bytes: 1MB
    broker_write_max_bytes: 100MB
```

--
======

== Fields

=== `seed_brokers`

A list of broker addresses to connect to in order. Use commas to separate multiple addresses in a single list item.

*Type*: `array`

```yml
# Examples

seed_brokers:
  - localhost:9092

seed_brokers:
  - foo:9092
  - bar:9092

seed_brokers:
  - foo:9092,bar:9092
```

=== `client_id`

An identifier for the client connection.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `benthos`

=== `tls`

Override system defaults with custom TLS settings.

*Type*: `object`

=== `tls.enabled`

Whether custom TLS settings are enabled.

*Type*: `bool`

*Default*: `false`

=== `tls.skip_cert_verify`

Whether to skip server-side certificate verification.

*Type*: `bool`

*Default*: `false`

=== `tls.enable_renegotiation`

Whether to allow the remote server to request renegotiation. Enable this option if you’re seeing the error message Enable this option if you're seeing the error message `local error: tls: no renegotiation`.

*Type*: `bool`

*Default*: `false`

ifndef::env-cloud[]
Requires version 3.45.0 or newer
endif::[]

=== `tls.root_cas`

> Specify a certificate authority to use (optional). This is a string that represents a certificate chain from the parent trusted root certificate, through possible intermediate signing certificates, to the host certificate.

Author: Updated.

include::components:partial$secret_warning.adoc[]

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

```yml
# Examples

root_cas: |-
  -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
  ...
  -----END CERTIFICATE-----
```

=== `tls.root_cas_file`

> Specify the path to a root certificate authority file (optional). This is a file, often with a `.pem` extension, which contains a certificate chain from the parent trusted root certificate, through possible intermediate signing certificates, to the host certificate.

Author: Updated.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

```yml
# Examples

root_cas_file: ./root_cas.pem
```

=== `tls.client_certs`

A list of client certificates to use. For each certificate specify values for either the `cert` and `key` fields, or `cert_file` and `key_file` fields.

*Type*: `array`

*Default*: `[]`

```yml
# Examples

client_certs:
  - cert: foo
    key: bar

client_certs:
  - cert_file: ./example.pem
    key_file: ./example.key
```

=== `tls.client_certs[].cert`

The plain text certificate to use.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `tls.client_certs[].key`

The plain text certificate key to use.

include::components:partial$secret_warning.adoc[]

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `tls.client_certs[].cert_file`

The path to the certificate to use.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `tls.client_certs[].key_file`

The path of a certificate key to use.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `tls.client_certs[].password`

The plain text password for when the private key is password encrypted in PKCS#1 or PKCS#8 format. The obsolete `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm is not supported for the PKCS#8 format. 

> WARNING: The `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm does not authenticate ciphertext, and is vulnerable to padding Oracle attacks which may allow an attacker recover the plain text password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm does not authenticate ciphertext, and is vulnerable to padding Oracle attacks that may allow an attacker recover the plain text password.
```

Author: Updated.

include::components:partial$secret_warning.adoc[]

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

```yml
# Examples

password: foo

password: ${KEY_PASSWORD}
```

=== `sasl`

> Specify one or more methods or mechanisms of SASL authentication. They are tried in order. If the broker supports the first SASL mechanism, all connections use it. If the first mechanism fails, the client picks the first supported mechanism. If the broker does not support any client mechanisms, all connections fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify one or more methods or mechanisms of SASL authentication, which are attempted in order. If the broker supports the first SASL mechanism, all connections use it. If the first mechanism fails, the client picks the first supported mechanism. If the broker does not support any client mechanisms, all connections fail.
```

Author: Updated.

*Type*: `array`

```yml
# Examples

sasl:
  - mechanism: SCRAM-SHA-512
    password: bar
    username: foo
```

=== `sasl[].mechanism`

The SASL mechanism to use.

*Type*: `string`

|===
| Option | Summary

| `AWS_MSK_IAM`
| AWS IAM-based authentication as specified by the `aws-msk-iam-auth` Java library.
| `OAUTHBEARER`

> | OAuth Bearer-based authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OAuth bearer-based authentication
```

Author: Updated.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `sasl[].aws.credentials`

Manually configure the AWS credentials to use (optional). For more information, see the xref:guides:cloud/aws.adoc[Amazon Web Services guide].

*Type*: `object`

=== `sasl[].aws.credentials.profile`

The profile from `~/.aws/credentials` to use.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `sasl[].aws.credentials.id`

The ID of the AWS credentials to use.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `sasl[].aws.credentials.secret`

The secret for the AWS credentials in use.

include::components:partial$secret_warning.adoc[]

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `sasl[].aws.credentials.token`

The token for the AWS credentials in use. This is a required value for short-term credentials.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `sasl[].aws.credentials.from_ec2_role`

Use the credentials of a host EC2 machine configured to assume https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-ec2.html[an IAM role associated with the instance^].

*Type*: `bool`

*Default*: `false`

ifndef::env-cloud[]
Requires version 4.2.0 or newer
endif::[]

=== `sasl[].aws.credentials.role`

> he role ARN to assume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The role ARN to assume.
```

Author: Updated.
